# Rotor37
Rotor37 was designed and built by NASA Glenn Research Center with the goal of achieving high efficiency and high pressure ratio. It was specifically developed to study the behavior of transonic flow in compressor blades, providing a foundation for the design of more efficient aircraft engine compressors. Rotor 37 exhibits transonic flow at its design point and throughout most of its operating range. As a single-stage rotor, Rotor 37 is capable of generating a relatively high total pressure ratio, which is an important indicator of compressor performance.

## Structure
- R37_README.md
- NASA_Technical_Paper_1337.pdf
  <span style="color:gray;"># Contains detailed geometric parameters and experimental measurement results of Rotor37</span>
- NASA_Technical_Memorandum_107310.pdf
  <span style="color:gray;"># Contains detailed description of experimental measurements</span>
- AGARD-AR-355.pdf
  <span style="color:gray;"># AGARD ADVISORY REPORT 355, includes simulation result comparisons of various codes for Rotor37 case</span>
- Mohamed_Mohsen_2017.pdf
  <span style="color:gray;"># Reference results of simulation using SA model</span>
- exp_r37_cp.dat
  <span style="color:gray;"># Experimental data of pressure coefficient on blade surface at 70% span height under design flow</span>
- exp_r37_ma.dat
  <span style="color:gray;"># Experimental data of isentropic Mach on blade surface at 70% span height under design flow</span>
- Case_Rotor37.json
 <span style="color:gray;"># Mesh generation config file(ACADE_turbo)</span>
- r37_mesh.png
  <span style="color:gray;"># Computational mesh generated by the author</span>
- Rotor37_1205.cfg
 <span style="color:gray;"># SU2 config file(step1)</span>
- Rotor37_1205_s2.cfg
 <span style="color:gray;"># SU2 config file(step2)</span>
- R37-inout-plt.png
  <span style="color:gray;"># Simulation results obtained by the author: inlet and outlet total temperature and pressure ratio</span>
- RMa-su2_gap_exp_new.png
  <span style="color:gray;"># Simulation results obtained by the author: isentropic Mach contour at 70% span height under design flow</span>

  
## Simulation tips
When using fully wall-resolved simulations, $y_{plus}$ should be kept below 5 and $z_{plus}$ as close to 1 as possible. For computational efficiency, a coarse mesh with a relaxed aspect ratio is specified in the `Case_Rotor37.json` configuration.

In the SU2 calculation configuration, to obtain simulation results comparable to experimental data, the V2003m version is preferred over V1994m when using the SST model. However, if the initial calculation is unstable, consider running with V1994m for a period before switching to V2003m, as done in the provided configuration files.

To avoid flow blockage, the Mach number and Reynolds number of the FREE-STREAM should be calculated according to the design flow rate. It is not recommended to use `RAMP_ROTATING_FRAME_COEF` at the same time.

For spatial discretization, the default JST parameters are used in this calculation. If ROE is needed, use the VAN_ALBADA_EDGE limiter and keep `ENTROPY_FIX_COEFF` always at 0.001.
Although increasing dissipation(or using a stronger limiter) can reduce residuals and make the calculation more stable, it will also cause the shock details on the suction side to be almost completely lost.

For more detailed results, visit https://lijyjulie.github.io/POSTER/results-tb/
